Special Containment Procedures: Personnel must monitor the town of Temby, and continue to develop the entity's profile. Its victims are to be retrieved, incinerated, and cataloged in this file.

Update: Due to recent events, a stronger Foundation presence has been determined to be necessary for the containment of SCP-783 and its related phenomena. An ancillary building near the local hospital, as well as two domiciles, have been commandeered from the locals for Foundation use.

This property in its entirety has been re-designated as a provisional Site-5.

Description: SCP-783 is a hostile entity currently preying upon the residents of Temby, a rural hamlet in Oxfordshire, England. It has a period of activity lasting roughly seventy days over the fall and winter months, occurring every twelve years. It exclusively attacks those who are alone and indoors after sunset.

Buildings housing SCP-783's current target will experience a steady degradation of their structural integrity. Outwardly, this is visible as faults and breaks on the outer facade which lend affected structures an angled or crooked appearance. This anomaly extends to any objects which breach the affected building's exterior, causing immediate and severe deformation that is invariably fatal to living subjects.

To date, personnel have yet to prevent an attack or been able to provide any means of assistance to SCP-783's targets. Due to this, as well as SCP-783's effects on recording equipment, little is known regarding SCP-783's exact appearance and the nature of its anomalous attributes.

Victims of SCP-783 attack exhibit gross deformations in their body structure as the result of dozens of compound fractures along their long bones and severely displaced vertebrae. These are healed via the rapid generation of excessive cartilage and osseous tissue. Victims display hyperelasticity of their epidermis and musculature to accommodate the extra tissue, with one subject's forearm extending over 2.4 meters, and another having a recorded height of 12.5 meters.

The end result of this malformation and elongation are subjects who visually present as being wholly serrated or gnarled.

Despite the nature of these injuries, most victims are alive after the cessation of an SCP-783 attack, though they often suffer full-body paralysis or remain in a persistent vegetative state. Twenty-seven living specimens have been acquired and placed on life support—they are held in a wing of the local hospital requisitioned for Foundation use.

The residents of Temby are aware of the existence of SCP-783, though speaking of it publicly is considered taboo. Researchers have documented a playground song shared among local youths regarding the anomaly:

A month prior to SCP-783's current period of activity, D-209 was selected from a group of volunteers to live in a Foundation-owned property in Temby. Audio/Video recording equipment was installed throughout the house for observation purposes.

The following was recorded on the forty-third day of his stay.

Personnel tasked with investigating the recent seismic event were met with resistance from Temby locals, who crowded around an area in a field to the south of town. After a brief exchange, Agent Collins drew her firearm and discharged a round into the air. The crowd dispersed.

Several elongated toes were immediately visible protruding from the freshly-exposed earth.

A dig team was assembled, and by the following afternoon had unearthed a mass grave, approximately five meters across, containing several dozen nude victims of SCP-783. The bodies were well-preserved, yet desiccated. Their number was unable to be immediately ascertained owing to the fact that they had been piled atop one-another. They were oriented head-down, with their arms extending deeper into the pit. Furthermore, most of the victims' limbs had become intertwined or knotted around each other, preventing exhumation without the use of sawing instruments.

Researcher Singer elected to extract a tissue sample. During this process, the soil beneath him caved and he tumbled into the pit; the bodies shifted due to his weight. As he struggled to gain footing, the tangle of limbs gave way, and he fell out of sight.

Agent Collins promptly commandeered a length of rope, and tied it around her waist. She tasked several nearby personnel with reeling her in upon her signal, and entered the pit. Approximately twenty meters-worth of rope was drawn beneath the corpses as Agent Collins descended.

SCP-783-L1 - Initial D-Class exploration for observational purposes; retrieval of MIA personnel secondary objective.

SCP-783-L2 - Special Operative dispatched to further ascertain the nature of SCP-783. Pending declassification.

SCP-783-L3 - Mobile Task force deployed to contain SCP-783. Pending declassification.

SCP-783-L4 - [DATA EXPUNGED]



