Object Class: Electronic

Special Containment Procedures: Two copies of SCP-720 are held in separate storage devices. One is permitted to be used in authorized testing, the other serves as a backup copy. Once per year, an inspection is to be performed to ensure that the storage mediums have not decayed and are still readable. It is not permitted to run SCP-720 without written authorization.

Agents embedded with the California Highway Patrol are to monitor the Thomas Kikady cold case and seize any evidence recovered by that or any other authority.

Description: SCP-720 is an anomalous ICRDTA1 program playable on any computing system with read-only memory capabilities.

SCP-720 contains a video game consistent with those produced on the Video Computer System. Players control a single character, designated SCP-720-1, traversing through 9 levels corresponding to a childish rendition of Dante Alighieri's circles of Hell, culminating in a final battle against a representation of Lucifer. SCP-720-1 is able to be equipped with a variety of different items which can be equipped to SCP-720's head or legs2which are required to complete portions of the game.

Occasionally, SCP-720-13 attempts to communicate with the player or otherwise engages in behavior suggesting sapience. These are always one-sided as SCP-720 is not compatible with audio signal inputs. SCP-720-1's vocalizations are "stream-of-consciousness" in nature and are theorized to reflect SCP-720-1's internal monologue.

Discovery: Following the seizure of GoI-0784 related machines from Halden's Arcade5 in South San Francisco, SCP-720 was found to be on a SD card jammed in the coin slot of SWEAT, a standup cross country arcade simulator. Upon SCP-720 being brought near a transport vehicle's disc drive, its anomalous properties were discovered, and it was brought in for testing with an onsite laptop.

TO GET PAST IT

CROWN. THORNS/NOT THORNS, GOLD WREATH, CANNON, COPTER HEAD

RUNNER'S SKATER'S LAVA BOOTS FROM THE CLIMBER FOUND IN AREA E4-7

THE FROLICKERS BOOTIES; NEW ITEM? FROM WHO? REPORT #: MUST CALL precinct
T <3 A

i miss you, i'm sorry i didn't get the chance to say goodbye, or tell you how i feel
or say sorry, that's the main thing

I AM THE KING - HE IS NOT: or amI? WHO knws - voice acting mst be compelted

you're in over your head thomas, you're in over it, you're under it, you're in it, alllllll around it

ambulatory limb sapper hooked up successfully - _TEP 1 COMPLETE

need miniature hockey blades to beat Hushman?- to be found in lvl 3? ice theme checks out, will model l8r

plan it out remember to add it all prior to jump __STEP 2 COMPLETE - crafted, sigil drawn - transfiguration tested __wii, ok, with some breathing needed

6x-23=17 -> 6x=40 -> 3x=20, x=20/3 per location. round to 6? 6. can't have 2/3 of one
well, they left that much
so i guess you can

well
it's done

Attached is the newspaper clipping. Light fading was present on the document, likely due to sun bleaching, age, or contact with an unknown liquid.

Following new safety measures, including remote operation of SCP-720 and temperature failsafes, SCP-720 was re-approved for secure testing approximately 4 months later. SCP-720 could not be played upon starting SCP-720. Repeatedly attempting to start up SCP-720 resulted in the spontaneous manifestation of basalt, granite, and sulfur in a 2 meter radius around the laptop running SCP-720, as well as a brief spike in Tartarean Resonant Energy in Site-28's area. The status of SCP-720-1 is currently being determined.
 
 
Further testing has been abandoned.

